Sandboxes to sandbox (#2838)
denoland/deno-docs: deploy/changelog.md

  Code Execution) and
  [CVE-2025-55184/CVE-2025-67779](https://deno.com/blog/cve-2025-55184) (Denial
  of Service).
- And one more thing at the end: we've quietly enabled our new Deno Sandbox
  infrastructure for all Deno Deploy users to try.
  - Deno Sandbox provides fully isolated Linux microVMs for you to run untrusted
    code in.
  - This is particularly useful for running third-party code, such as plugins,
    extensions, or user-generated or LLM-generated code, without risking the
    security of your application.
  - We'll announce more details about Deno Sandbox in the new year, so stay
    tuned!

>   - Try it out from the "Sandbox" tab in the organization overview.

Reviewer: Phrasing

```suggestion
  - Try it out from the "Sandboxes" tab in the Deno Deploy console
```
